---
layout: post
title: Need to build fast, easy tax compliance solutions? Come to CRUSH DC 2018 and find out how!
description: CRUSH DC 2018 Announcement
date: 2017-12-06 16:00
author: Mark Wilhelm
comments: true
categories: [avatax]
product: blog
doctype: blog
disqus: 1
---

Are you a developer looking to build solutions that make tax compliance fast, easy and, most important of all, accurate? Are you already connected to Avalara’s AvaTax platform and looking to get the scoop on the latest features and capabilities it has to offer?

If so, then be sure to sign up for [CRUSH DC 2018](http://www.avalaracrush.com/), Avalara’s annual conference for all things tax compliance. This year’s event, which will be held from May 9-11 in Washington, D.C., will feature a robust developer-focused track covering everything from the basics of calculating tax using AvaTax to building connectors for enterprise-level organizations.

<h3>New & Improved Developer Track</h3>

We received a ton of great feedback from the developer community in the wake of last year’s CRUSH, and, as a result, have nearly doubled the number of available sessions at this year’s event. The sessions will be interactive in format and led by Avalara’s top technical specialists and engineers, all of whom are experts in the features and functions of the AvaTax platform that make it possible for you to build robust tax compliance solutions.

Here is a breakdown of the sessions available to developers attending CRUSH DC:

<h4>Thursday, May 10:</h4>

<ul class="normal">
	<li>**9 a.m. to 10:15 a.m. – Calculating Tax with AvaTax:** Learn how AvaTax calculates tax, the reasons why tax can be zero, and about the lifecycle of a transaction from recording to filing. This session includes a tutorial on how to integrate AvaTax into an existing application.
</li>
	<li>**10:30 a.m. to 11:45 a.m. – Integrate CertCapture Exemption Management via REST:** Learn how to use the new exemption certificate functionality and customer features in the AvaTax API to earn the Document Management badge and certification.</li>
	<li>**12:45 p.m. to 2 p.m. – Performance Tuning for AvaTax:** Learn all the various features available in the AvaTax API to improve performance for your software. Learn how to measure the performance of AvaTax and a variety of different API calls, as well as how your design choices affect your results.</li>
	<li>**2:15 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. – Beyond Sales Tax: Calculating Multiple Tax Types:** Join us for an introduction to the various taxes now supported through Avalara APIs. Discuss the use of parameters, attributes, and other fields to enable the calculation of bottle tax, e-waste fees, recycling fees, and more.</li>
	<li>**3:45 p.m. to 5 p.m. – Developing the Avalara Experience:** Bring the Avalara Experience into your application, reducing support cases and customer friction. Learn suggested practices for implementing AvaTax, including how to understand the process to provision AvaTax accounts, set account configuration options, and on-board customers using features in the REST API.</li>
</ul>

<h4>Friday, May 11:</h4>

<ul class="normal">
  <li>**10:30 a.m. to 11:45 a.m. – VAT via AvaTax REST APIs:** Learn the features and functions introduced into Avalara's technology stack to support Value Added Tax (VAT). Discuss the basics of VAT, with an EU focus, and how to create compliance automation solutions for VAT using Avalara APIs.
  </li>
  <li>**12:45 p.m. to 2 p.m. – Calculating Tax Offline:** Learn how to keep your tax calculations processing when your internet connection drops, and how to reconcile offline transactions later. This session will include the use of our Tax Content API as well as other available solutions.
  </li>
  <li>**2:15 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. – Enterprise Connector Development:** Learn how designing software for enterprise business is very different than designing for small desktop accounting systems. Learn how a connector developer can write the best possible connector for a large business or what new tax concepts you need to learn to build an effective connector for big business.
  </li>
  <li>**3:45 p.m. to 5 p.m. – Ask Me Anything – AvaTax API (Q&A):** Learn the history of Avalara's new AvaTax REST API and the choices behind our developer website. This session includes a 30-minute question and answer session with the developers and designers of the AvaTax API.
  </li>
</ul>

<h4>Monthly Developer Webinars … More Coming in 2018</h4>

If you can’t wait for CRUSH DC to connect with an Avalara engineer, then be sure to register for the [final developer webinar of 2017](https://register.gotowebinar.com/register/2719809517923376642?elqTrackId=1e1e4653e9834d2cb78e0271c91cb947&elqaid=2376&elqat=2) – an open Q&A with our top developers – scheduled for 11 a.m. PT on Wednesday, Dec. 20. These webinars are intended to help developers looking to do a deep dive on Avalara’s products and services, and, like the CRUSH DC sessions, are interactive in nature. We want to her your feedback on the AvaTax platform and help you succeed, so be sure to come with your questions.

Of course, we plan to continue the monthly developer webinar series in 2018. We’ll roll out more details on next year’s webinars soon via the [Avalara Developer Blog](/blog) and [Twitter](https://twitter.com/avadev), so stay tuned.

I can’t wait to see you all in Washington, D.C. in May.

-- Mark Wilhelm, Director, Partner Launch, Avalara
